TITLE: Looking for a quality computer chair :-)
BODY:
[removed]
COMMENT 0:
Have a look DXRacer or AKRacing. Similar styles, well made and will last basically forever. If you have the opportunity to go to a physical store, try sitting in a few and find the model that fits your frame.
COMMENT 1:
Thanks for the recommendation. How long have you had yours?

COMMENT 2:
While not a real bifl, ikea - markus is a pretty good deal, in my country it comes with a ten year warranty and if it has that warranty where you live I suggest getting it :3
COMMENT 3:
High quality office chairs are available refurbished, usually advertised on Craigslist. I got a $1200 Herman Miller for $300. This is a good place to spend, you'll thank yourself every time you sit. 
COMMENT 4:
Still salty about the Markus. That warranty is only valid if you are the original owner. So a secondhand claim isn’t valid. Go for it if you buy in store, but caution otherwise. 

Mine broke within 2 years. I even tried to pay for repairs, or at least the replacement parts needed to fix, and IKEA wouldn’t have it.  


COMMENT 5:
I bolted a car seat onto a pc chair base. I love it - it even tilts still. 
COMMENT 6:
I'll look into it. Thanks for looking out!
COMMENT 7:
I feel like Craigslist is more of a gamble...but I also have zero Craigslist shopping experience to back up my suspicions...
COMMENT 8:
Props for the DIY method but I don't have car seats laying around lol
COMMENT 9:
I second this. The Herman Miller Aeron chair is possibly the single most comfortable chair I’ve sat in with this type of use case.
COMMENT 10:
I myself have an AKRacing chair for \~4 years now. It still holds up well, nothing broken or anything, everything works fine. I don't regret buying it.
COMMENT 11:
Not sure about being BIFL yet but the hyken chair at Staples often goes on sale and when it does, it's hard to get a better quality for dollar imo.
COMMENT 12:
My wife and I both have SteelCase Leap V2 chairs and love them.
COMMENT 13:
I had a Herman Miller chair, not an aeron but still fully adjustable, and it lasted me for 15 years and now my dad has it for his office and is still using it.  Daily use.  So I'm pretty happy with their chairs in general, while they can be costly, they're definitely worth it.
COMMENT 14:
I had a Markus for about 7 years till one of the armrest bolts sheered off.   Replaced it with an [ErgoChair2](https://www.autonomous.ai/office-chairs/ergonomic-chair) which is going on 2 years now.   Im happy with it so far, its sturdy and comfortable and has great adjustments.
COMMENT 15:
Herman Miller.  That's all there is.  It's in pretty much every corporate office for a reason.

When I started working from home I bought one for $1200 new.  I've sat in it 10h a day for 5 years now.  I forget about it.  My body and back are happy.

When you are talking about health, a huge amount of hours, never skimp out.
COMMENT 16:
Steelcase as well. I like the HMs better though.  Currently sitting in a Mirra. 
COMMENT 17:
Please, for the love of your back, go to retailers and sit in these chairs before you buy them.

I tried about 10 different high end chairs and only 2 of them were close to comfortable for me. Their Aeron was very uncomfortable. Sayl was also very uncomfortable and I was planning on buying it. 

I went with a Steelcase Gesture but the HM Embody was the most comfortable chair I’ve ever sat on. 
COMMENT 18:
Herman miller - embody

I'm currently using a DX Racer and it's not bad, but the back rest is very flat and provides little support on its own, and the cushions included for lumbar and cervical support are pretty rubbish. I find myself regularly reclining and then tilting back to relieve the pressure on my lower back. 

A mate bought an embody for about au$1200 with a 12 year warranty, pretty much every inch is responsive and the pressure relief of it is amazing and even across the whole body. You can spend multiple hours in that chair and not have to shift. For the level of support and pressure care you get as well as the 12 year warranty, if you're spending extended periods of time in a chair, I'd say this is a solid investment in your health. 
COMMENT 19:
[deleted]
COMMENT 20:
Ive heard the leather one causes sweaty ass on hot days. I have the gray one and i love it.
COMMENT 21:
If you value your back do not buy into “gaming” chairs. Maybe they work for some but I’d be willing to bet if those people tried a real office chair their opinions would change 
COMMENT 22:
[deleted]
COMMENT 23:
[deleted]
COMMENT 24:
Junk yard my man
COMMENT 25:
We have these at work and they are terrible. Have never been able to find a comfortable position in them. 
COMMENT 26:
I've bought 4 steelcase chairs from cl, usually they are just offices that are closing down and selling off whatever they had and have several desks and chairs to ditch.  I have always paid 80-125 for chairs that ran about 500+ new and they have always been 100% immaculate. 
COMMENT 27:
Yeah, don't get leather one. 
COMMENT 28:
I mean a broken armrest bolt is probably one of the most easily and cheapest repairable problems you could have with something like an office chair.
COMMENT 29:
Maybe it's a size too big? I've found that if I'm sitting funny, the front bar cuts off the circulation to my legs. So if the chair is too much bigger than you, this would happen more often than not.
COMMENT 30:
Aerons can be great but they are very hit or miss. I had one and sold it for something much cheaper because that plastic edge was digging into the bottom of my legs.

Not saying they're bad, but it's a chair people should definitely spend some real time sitting in before buying
COMMENT 31:
I used to spend $200-$300 on a generic office chair from office depot, but I got tired of having to do that every 2-3 years. I finally just decided to spend $800 on a Steelcase Leap about 4 years ago and my chair issues have disappeared (both discomfort and them breaking down). If you regularly spend 4+ hours a day in front of your pc, I highly recommend saving up for a good $500+ chair.

Herman Miller and Steelcase are a good place to start looking. If you do seriously consider them, make sure to look up the closest physical location near you to actually sit in them before buying. Retailers for $500+ chairs have no problem with you walking in just to try them.

P.S. If you get the Leap, skip the headrest. I paid more for it and it sucks. Pain in the ass to attach/detach (you have to take the back off the chair) and quite uncomfortable. The chair itself is great though.
COMMENT 32:
well it cracked part of the armrest too, so it didnt seem worth it to drill the thing out and replace it to still have a wobbly armrest.  i still have it, its just my garage chair now
COMMENT 33:
Just don't buy the fake leather one. My husband and I both bought Ikea chairs with that fake leather (his was a Markus, mine wasn't), and after less than a year, the fake leather on both chairs started to peel away. We eventually tossed them because the pieces were getting everywhere (hell, it's been months and we're STILL finding pieces).
COMMENT 34:
You might want to check your local Steelcase and/or Herman Miller dealerships as they often sell pre-owned task chairs and often the prices are comparable to CL but with the added bonus that they have been inspected by trained staff. (Source: I work at a Steelcase dealership)
COMMENT 35:
Nope definitely not for me- 74in tall. I've tried as high and low as it could go and most in between lol. It's mostly the angle of the top of where you seat and the lumbar/back that isn't comfy
COMMENT 36:
I see an Aeron great condition for $400 but it's size small. I'm male 5'8" 160 lbs, any idea if this size would work? 
COMMENT 37:
Aeron chair. Best chair I've ever used.
COMMENT 38:
A lot of times there are office furniture resell shops. See if you have one in your area.
COMMENT 39:
Probably not; I’m 5’8 and  need a medium to be comfortable. Check their site for a sizing guide
COMMENT 40:
[deleted]
COMMENT 41:
I bought the Herman Miller Embody and it was exceedingly uncomfortable besides being feature poor. Ended up with a high end no name for about $300 that has served me very well for years.
COMMENT 42:
THIS

Don't listen to the people recommending the Aeron. It's over hyped and not worth the price tag.

The Leap is very well built, and features more customization options than you can shake a stick at. Just go watch a video on its options and you'll see. It'll work for any body type and lets you shift your weight around effortlessly, which is what you really want in a chair. With the Aeron, in the other hand, you're basically locked into a single position.
COMMENT 43:
I'm sure some people find this chair comfortable, and so did I when testing it in the store.

However, I absolutely hate this chair after buying it. Uncomfortable seat, arms continually come loose, and not suitable for the long hours that I require of an office chair.

YMMV
COMMENT 44:
Thanks!
COMMENT 45:
There are different sizes. Go check on the website.
COMMENT 46:
Allsteel #19 is great. I had one at work and loved it so much I bought one for my home office.
COMMENT 47:
What’s your budget?  Can’t go wrong with a Herman Miller. There are others but you’re going to spend $1000 if you want a true BIFL office chair. 

For $300-$500 you can get something pretty durable. Below that it’s disposable but it can still last a while depending on how big you are and how much you use it. 
COMMENT 48:
[deleted]
COMMENT 49:
You have to size it right. It’s essential to try out any office chair before you buy. But Aerons in particular come in three different sizes and if you get the wrong one it will be wildly uncomfortable. 
COMMENT 50:
Maybe it's too small then. They make 3 sizes.
COMMENT 51:
There are different size Aerons. The majority of them floating around are medium but those don’t usually work well for tall people. All the adjusting in the world won’t help you if it’s the wrong size. You’d have to try the larger size, otherwise you’re a size 12 shoe trying to make a size 10 work. 
COMMENT 52:
Look up surveillance chairs / 24 hour chairs. They are pricey, but it's something else.
COMMENT 53:
Aeron is great until the cylinder goes.  Then...look up on YouTube what's required to replace it.  Don't stop at the first video, the one that shows the guy removing a cylinder from a chair that's never been sat on.  Watch the ones where someone used that chair for two years before the cylinder went, and how easy it is to remove THEN.  

I'm sitting in a high-end Staples chair RN.  My Aeron went to the kerb after six months of failed attempts to remove that fucking cylinder.  I made sure to install the knockout washer on *this* one.
COMMENT 54:
I've sold 10+ herman miller aeron chairs on craigslist. my former employer went bankrupt so I took everything I could fit into several loads in my car. I kept one for myself too. they are nearly 15 years old at this point and still work great. 
COMMENT 55:
I sat in the same Aeron chair at work for 16 years (when I moved offices, I took "my" chair with me, even across town.   When I was laid off, I bought a pair of used Aerons for my wife and I.    

She's 5'2", and finds hers uncomfortable.  I'm 6'2", and love mine.   I think we should have gotten a smaller size for her.
COMMENT 56:
&gt;Don't listen to the people recommending the Aeron.

Ehh, I think that's a bit harsh considering most of it is just personal preference.  I have the Aeron at home and work and absolutely love it.  Also, most people I've seen recommend them are saying to get a used one off craigslist which is what I did as well and paid a fraction of their retail price.  They are extremely durable chairs, come with a 10 year warranty, and should last a lifetime.  If a part does break they are built with interchangeable parts which can be replaced easily.


COMMENT 57:
I find it strange that people on BIFL are recommending buying a expensive office chair on Craigslist rather than an authorized retailer. 

Half of the cost of these chairs are the extensive warranties, Herman Miller for instance covers their chairs for 12 years. Furthermore, you can only get replacement parts from their retailers anyway, which would make getting repairs on 3rd party purchased chairs more expensive to service.

I realize that getting the chair off Craigslist is cheaper, but this is BIFL not Frugal Interior Design (is that a sub?), and to get the longest life out of an office chair I say wait for a sale at a place like [Office Designs](https://officedesigns.com/)
COMMENT 58:
That’s fantastic. It just further proves my view on the importance of try before you buy. 

Glad you found a nice fit
COMMENT 59:
I have a fancy Herman Miller chair at work and a cheap ikea chair at home.

A standing desk made a much bigger difference for me than a fancy chair.
COMMENT 60:
Eames office chair. I got a used one from the 60s. Damn it's amazing.
COMMENT 61:
Herman Miller, snag one refurb/used on CL/Letgo/etc
COMMENT 62:
I have a Steelcase Leap at home and a Herman Miller Mirra 2 at work. I prefer the Mirra 2 bit it's significantly more expensive. Got the Leap for 200 from a used office supply store. If you live in/near a big city, look for a store like that and you can usually find nice office chairs for cheap. You'll also be able to sit in them and see which is more comfortable
COMMENT 63:
Like everyone has preached, test the chairs before you get them. I'm a gamer and I've gone through the usual route of purchasing $100 office years every year. Really got tired of the same shit falling apart. My college's library has Herman Miller Aeron chairs that I was impressed and in love with, so I decided to get one from CL for $200 about 3 years ago. One of the piece broke recently, but it was an easy fix and I just buy the parts from eBay. While I love the Aeron at home, I hate the ones at my work.. so yes, the style/size really matters. I preferred the Aeron because of the mesh seating/back (especially during the summer lol, leather isn't as breathable).
COMMENT 64:
[deleted]
COMMENT 65:
My company bought Herman Miller mirra 6 years ago for all of the employees. It has all the bells and whistles. We are tough on our office and I've never seem a broken or damaged chair. I've sat in it for hours on end and never felt pressure points or fatigue. If I ever leave I'm getting one for myself. Looks like the mirra 2 with all the add on's is $900. 
COMMENT 66:
Amazon has everything
COMMENT 67:
The Leap and Aeron come in about equal in terms of price and durability. I have one at work and one at home. My work one was about $850 CAD new while my one at home ran me $300 CAD used. They are incredibly well built and will last just as long as an Aeron. Steelcase doesn't fuck around.

The reason I would never recommend an Aeron is because they really only work for some people, and they are far less flexible. There are very few adjustments you can make to the chair to make it fit your body better. The Leap, on the other hand, has adjustable lumbar support (both height and firmness), seat depth, armrest height and swivel, and many more. I personally find myself adjusting these components often everyday, allowing me to sit comfortable in a wide range of postures. If you want to protect your body from damage over long periods of sitting, this is by far the most important factor and an Aeron is simply less accommodating.
COMMENT 68:
[deleted]
COMMENT 69:
You were ~~holding~~ sitting in it wrong.

Edit: forgot you retards need a /s now for obvious sarcasm.
COMMENT 70:
Not saying Steelcase is bad, because it isn't, but they both have their strengths and it's just which chair suits you best. 

Steelcase uses fabric with with depreciate over time while the Aeron mesh will last much longer.  

The Aeron has most of the same adjustments you listed except the vertical adjustment of lumbar.  

Aeron: 

Adjustable lumbar firmness

Armrest height and swivel

Height

Tilt

Seat depth is not adjustable but is built into the design with the ergonomics of the chair.  The front slopes down slightly which allows you to move further back in the chair without having strain on your hamstrings.  

+others

Aeron also comes in small, medium, and large which means the one you buy will fit your body more accurately without having to adjusts aspects you might need to on the Steelcase like seat depth.  I agree Steelcase is more adjustable and it definitely may be more comfortable for some, but Aeron is going to be more comfortable for others.  It's all just trying them out and figuring out which one you like and at around the same price point there's no reason you shouldn't try both before buying.

Edit- Also, I think you'll have a much easier time finding a cheap used Aeron compared to a Steelcase since the vast majority of offices use Aerons.  There are always offices liquidating their assets and posting Aerons for sale for cheap.

COMMENT 71:
There is also a foam bit under the mesh along the front edge of the seat. Over time that foam can deteriorate or dislodge and it can really be uncomfortable. I was able to get mine repaired under warranty. If your chair was used or older, I can definitely see this as the case. 
COMMENT 72:
Love my Steelcase Gesture, thing is very well built and very comfortable for me.
COMMENT 73:
I had a Sayl at my previous job and loved it so went out looking for a used one. Ended up with a better deal than I could have ever imagined, 2 for $50 on Craigslist.
COMMENT 74:
Ha.  My first one lasted about 5 years before the back snapped right off as i was reclining.  That 'L' shaped metal piece just sheared right in half.  Still love that chair though.
COMMENT 75:
Steelcase leap v2 all day.  That's what I have as well.
COMMENT 76:
And they're very adjustable...if you have it adjusted wrong it's not going to be very comfortable
COMMENT 77:
It turns out that parts for the Aerons can be bought individually, which is great for keeping them long term.

I spoke with the guy whom I bought mine from off of craigslist.  He had a side business refurbishing Aerons and reselling them.  He went over the chair with me and gave me a copy of the manual.  (did you know there was one?) and pointed out which parts he had replaced and which ones were most common in his experience.  That foam piece is one, as well as the back across the back.

Knowing I can repair ours (bought one more for my wife) as time goes on is a good thing.


COMMENT 78:
Do you have $399?
COMMENT 79:
Exercise ball.

100% the best chair you could ever buy. The largest one you can find.
COMMENT 80:
My wife bought one for me 15 years ago - still looks new.  It's AMAZING.  
COMMENT 81:
I was in a similar situation and almost bought one of those homall gaming chairs. I’ve had a Dxracer in the past. After doing some research it came down to the steel case leap and the Herman Miller Aeron. I found an Aeron on Craigslist for $250 when I went to meet the guy he also had the Leap. Ultimately went with the leap, the Aeron he had didn’t had adjustable arm rests and the lumbar support in the leap offered more features. Honestly the best f*cking chair I’ve ever had. I want to say the models are pretty similar across the years with leap 2 being the newest addition. Mine is a bit older but still feels amazing ever time I sit in it. 
COMMENT 82:
SecretLab makes fantastic chairs. I got the Titan, but Omega is their mainline offering. Look them up
COMMENT 83:
I love my mint Aeron I got for free... But used Aerons or other Herman Miller chairs can be picked up refurbished or used for pretty cheap. 

As for size, feel for the dots on the upper part of the backrest. 1 is a small and 3 is large...
COMMENT 84:
make sure you try them out before you buy. my buddy blind ordered the Herman Miller Embody and christ was it uncomfortable. he called me over after he got it just to have me sit in it and confirm he wasnt losing his mind for hating a 1400$ chair. he went thru a few more and ended up with a Vertagear 6000 (might be a bit off on the name). and that is definitely the next chair I buy myself, the really high back is great and its really comfortable to me. 

another thing to consider is that an office chair is kinda like a bed, what's comfortable to one person might be awful for the next person. what one person calls firm another will find way too soft. this is why I'd recommend trying them yourself, because a random persons opinion honestly doesnt matter much when you're talking about if something is comfortable or not because you might have very different things you want in a chair
COMMENT 85:
isnt it super top heavy? 
COMMENT 86:
I got v2, and overall do not like it that much. 

It's not horrible, but it has a problem with rising up on it's own when i'm not sitting in it, so I have to adjust it frequently. Comfort is 7/10 - I'm 194cm and 230lbs, so that's likely a factor.

The long answer to this question is, don't buy a chair unless you can test it, ideally for a few days.
COMMENT 87:
Less than 15% of Craigslist transactions end up in robbery at gunpoint.  I wouldn't worry - the odds are on your side.
COMMENT 88:
The Aeron chair comes in 3 sizes, A, B, and C. 

Two of them were not comfortable for me and one of them is heaven.
COMMENT 89:
We use Steel case Amias at my work and I love them. 9-10 hours a day with no discomfort, once I adjusted it to my body.
COMMENT 90:
5-2 definitely requires S. 
COMMENT 91:
I see a ton of people recommending Herman Miller or Steelcase but I also suggest looking at Haworth if you're going to take a visit to furniture dealerships. I sit in a Zody every day (along with my SO) and it's very comfortable / in many corporate offices as well.
COMMENT 92:
Does anyone have recommendations on how to spot quality in chairs? What parts do you examine to see if it is well-built? What on an office chair is typically the first part to fail? In my experience the first part to fail is the seat itself. Laminated leather will peel in time and is not repairable. Steer clear! Fabric gets dirty but with regular maintenance can be cleaned. Real leather (with proper care) can last a long time. The foam inside the seat needs to be a high quality, but I’m not sure how to evaluate that since it is hidden. The mesh back seats seem to last fairly long as well, as long as they don’t get snagged. Plastic will almost always fail faster than a metal, so look for seat bases that are solid. Maybe someone else has recommendations on steel vs aluminum vs plastics. Evaluation techniques on the hydraulic parts might be helpful as well if someone else can chime in.

Edit: someone else pointed out that warranties on office chairs can be helpful as well, as they not only repair, but provide the required parts to repair the chairs.
COMMENT 93:
I use Herman Miller Aeron chairs at work. While I find them very comfortable for 8 hour shifts, they only last about 5 years in a 27/7 environment. Hardly BIFL.
COMMENT 94:
Last one I had for I think 4yrs. I only got a different one because I realized it was a little narrow for my shoulders and might have been causing some ergonomic strain. Otherwise it was basically like new.
COMMENT 95:
I thought this until I tried the Herman Miller Cosm at a launch party. Oh man. I want one of my own so bad for work.
COMMENT 96:
Alright so first thing is find a Herman Miller and a steelcase dealer near you. The ones near me gave me loaner chairs for a few weeks to see if I liked them. I ended up with loaners for a good two months in total. I liked the aeron the best so once I knew that i started watching Craig’s list. Found one a little over an hour away that was only 150 and it looked brand new to me when I saw it. If I didn’t need the larger sized aeron I could have gotten one sooner and closer to me. 

&amp; nbsp;

From what I found out talking to the guy I bought mine from he worked for a commercial office supplier. Some company went out of business and they got the furniture from the company to resell. They had no use for a size c at least not quickly so the guys boss gave it to him to sell or use or whatever. He put it up on CL and I was the only person to message him about it after a week. 

&amp;nbsp;

The nice thing about higher end office furniture like this is replaceable parts. There is a whole service industry around them to get parts or full repairs. I like my chIr enough now that if I needed a new one I would spend the money on a new one.  Best 150$ I ever spent. 
COMMENT 97:
I had that rising up problem, I called steelcase and they sent a guy out within the week to repair it few of charge. And mind you this was an older chair I bought on Craigslist. 

Steelcase warranty: 10/10
COMMENT 98:
Only real problem is no headrest. 
COMMENT 99:
Pull your own automotive scrap yard.  Passenger side (less wear) bucket seat.  Bonus points for properly removing any air bags so you dont get rekt some day.  Also for heated seat.  Mount a gel battery under it and put a battery meter on it.  

Best computer chair youll ever have.  My buddy has one mounted to an old swivel recliner base he mounted casters on.  He's had it near 30 years.
COMMENT 100:
That sucks. They apparently have a 10-year warranty, but it doesn't sound like it's worth much
COMMENT 101:
I fully agree with you. When my office moved (we're actually a corporate design firm, so this topic is near and dear to my profession) we all got Steelcase Leaps. I used it for a few months and found that for me it's much too heavy to move around at my desk, which I do frequently to look at drawings/markups and such. I actually didn't like how many adjustments there were and found I prefer a mesh chair. Humanscale is really great with that where they intentionally make chairs with very few adjustments that are just great chairs, though they tend to be more on the expensive side. I'd love a HM Cosm, though. Sat in one at my local Herman Miller launch party for it and I fell in love.
COMMENT 102:
This was me, but I tended to spend $50-150. Well, the last one was the $150 one, and it broke within a few months. I got a Herman Miller, and it has passed the break-even level
COMMENT 103:
This is how I realized that I should pay more for the office chair. I sat more in the work chairs than the chair at home, and it outlast several of the office supply store chairs
COMMENT 104:
Yes, there's the Steelcase online store. Generally you can also buy them through their local dealer representation. Send their customer service an email and they'll be able to direct you toward the best method to purchase one in your area
COMMENT 105:
You hit the biggest nail on the head right there with adjusting the chair to suit you. Employers can buy highly comfortable and ergonomic chairs with the best intentions, however if employees aren't trained on how to properly adjust it to their body, you might as well be sitting in a plastic folding chair from Walmart. Plenty of manufacturers will provide in-office training if requested, not enough companies take advantage and not enough employees care.
COMMENT 106:
Yes! Haworth is also great. Really all the big names have at least one really good chair, and generally equally great warranties.
COMMENT 107:
It's because some of these chairs ARE buy it for life. I'd rather spend $200 on a Steelcase Leap chair than $850 for a new one. Both are going to last me at least a decade. 

Source: multiple Steelcase Leaps (v1 and v2) at work and home. 

COMMENT 108:
Out of what make/model/year? 
COMMENT 109:
BUT CAN IT DO THIS?!
COMMENT 110:
I have the same chair that work bought me for telecommuting. I love it! But yes, I had to adjust it for my style of sitting and height and yadda yadda. 
COMMENT 111:
Had my Aeron for over 15 years 
COMMENT 112:
[removed]
COMMENT 113:
no
COMMENT 114:
Herman Miller
COMMENT 115:
Recently bought a Aeron used and it was a terrible decision. Not comfortable to me at all. Selling it this weekend to someone else on craigslist. Try before you buy
COMMENT 116:
Exactly. And people need to realize that what's comfortable for 10 minutes may not be the best position for long term sitting. 
COMMENT 117:
Absolutely! That’s why a lot of companies make a task version and a conference version, or upfront say “this is not a long sit chair” 
COMMENT 118:
Anecdotal evidence, same as mine :). There are other streamers who have been using the same chair for years without issue. It probably depends on how hard you are on furniture, among other things. I've found them to be better made than more generic office chairs I've owned, with a bit of an inflated price tag. Yrmv
COMMENT 119:
Here's my two cents.  I'm a very heavy guy, and I bought a Killabee big and tall chair.  I LOVE IT.  Sturdy and comfortable and supports my weight easily. 
COMMENT 120:
[deleted]
COMMENT 121:
Where the rubber met the road really was the problem. My ass would go numb from the lack of seat cushioning, which is not something I've encountered ever in my 30 years of sitting for hours a day.
COMMENT 122:
I got rid of my office chair when I got a fiberglass Eames shell chair.

I know it’s unorthodox but it’s super comfy and keeps my posture correct, which is better than any padding for long sessions.
COMMENT 123:
Lies. Never Forget! Full Retard always on reddit. 
COMMENT 124:
I bought a lifeform chair. It is worth every penny. They are not cheap. 
COMMENT 125:
If you're a big person the [OFM Avenger](https://www.amazon.com/OFM-Avenger-Leather-Executive-Chair/dp/B009DSBBFI/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?keywords=avenger+ofm&amp;qid=1550859687&amp;s=gateway&amp;sr=8-1#) is great. Built like a brick shithouse and comfortable to boot. I habitually cross my legs as weigh approx 300 pounds and this chair is the only one to last more than a year
COMMENT 126:
Just bought one 2 months ago for $50 off craigslist. I used a carpet cleaner to clean the whole thing and I can sit for 10 hours and not even notice. The lumber adjustment, reclining knob and armrests are all killer. It’s cozy. 
COMMENT 127:
I tried that once. Maybe it’s just because it was in Dallas, but I found sitting on plastic lead to horrific 'swamp ass'. Other than THAT, it's worth a try for the core strength improvements that are possible. 
COMMENT 128:
How long did you sit in it? Did you lock the reclining part? I love mine, but I didn't think I did at first. I ended up tightening the recliner tension to match my body weight in a way that let's me lean up or back and the chair stays. Almost like a floating recline if that makes since. The only thing I didn't like was the shortness of the back. I like a full height back with a head rest.
COMMENT 129:
Herman miller seems to be the go-to for ergonomics so far as I've seen. I suspect there is some price associated with the brand name. 

&amp;#x200B;

My maxnomic/Need For Seat chair at home is quite sturdy, and actually large enough for me (I'm 6"1" so it can be a challenge to find a comfy full back office seat that fits well).
COMMENT 130:
Herman Miller Embody ... GO TO THE STORE TO GET FITTED  :)  


This will help SO much
COMMENT 131:
I’ve got both a Knoll Generation and Remix. They are leaps more comfortable than the last “gaming” chair I bought and I picked them up second hand for a fraction of the retail price. The way the back of the Generation is designed is really neat and surprisingly comfortable. 
COMMENT 132:
YES! This right here!! you need to find the Herman Miller that fits your body type!

&amp;#x200B;
COMMENT 133:
You had the wrong Size Aeron. They come in 3 sizes for different body types :(
COMMENT 134:
...and your GI tract. Ever shared an office with an Aeron colleague and some bad gas? Ugh. 😑 
COMMENT 135:
https://thewirecutter.com/reviews/best-office-chair/
COMMENT 136:
Happily sitting in one now.
COMMENT 137:
Aerons have a 12 year FULL waranty .if something breaks in that time they will fix it free of charge.  


I had the Piston go out at 10 years and it cost me nothing to replace ;)
COMMENT 138:
I personally like the aeron. It's what I have at my desk.
COMMENT 139:
Yep, I bought a brand new Embody for $700 on craigslist.  Spec'd out this way it is $1620 from HM.  It is the only chair I can sit in for over 4 hours without discomfort.
COMMENT 140:
[deleted]
COMMENT 141:
Herman Miller 
COMMENT 142:
Office furniture dealer here: always test a chair before you make a purchase! I personally prefer Steelcase Leap chairs myself because every part of it is adjustable, but everyone is different. My company sells them refurbished for roughly $300.
COMMENT 143:
Yeeeeeep!!! LOL
COMMENT 144:
You can find them with a headrest. If you shop at a refurbisher it'll be easier to find one.
COMMENT 145:
[removed]
COMMENT 146:
I hate to *break* it to you, but cushioned chairs only muffle the cough. They don’t bottle the blast.
COMMENT 147:
I think it was a subaru legacy from 95, it's been 10 years I don't remember sorry
COMMENT 148:
It's a heave chair yes, but I can tilt all the way back and it doesn't topple 
COMMENT 149:
I'm considering getting that as well as a chair...I feel like after prolonged use of the ball I might naturally subconsciously slouch
COMMENT 150:
Useful info thank you!
COMMENT 151:
Thanks alot man this really helps
COMMENT 152:
Couldn't agree more. A really nice chair is way cheaper than a really nice spine lol
COMMENT 153:
Definitely not a bad idea either! Though I heard standing for prolonged periods of time can be just as unhealthy as sitting for long periods of time. It's best to switch between the two in moderation.
COMMENT 154:
Yeah maybe I didn't word the post very well, I'm not really looking for a comfortable chair as much as I'm looking for a quality brand. And I got an overwhelming amount of Herman Miller love which is pointing me to snoop around that company. But you say Vertagear outshines Herman?
COMMENT 155:
At least for me I think the most important thing is that the chair stays level over time. If your chair developes a slight lean and your in it every day, over time your spine is gonna be a noodle lol
COMMENT 156:
damn not bad, does it not have armrests then?
COMMENT 157:
It really sounds like they have an all star customer support team. Definitely leaning towards them. Thanks for the advice
COMMENT 158:
Sounds gnarly but definitely a project for someone way smarter than me lol
COMMENT 159:
I appreciate the suggestion man but I think I had my fair share of Walmart furniture.
COMMENT 160:
I stand for as long as it's confortable and sit until I feel like standing up.

On most days I end up spending most of morning standing, siting after lunch and then up again to wakeup at 3pm or so.
COMMENT 161:
Nope, no arm rest. 
COMMENT 162:
Well, i forgot to mention it's pretty redneck.

I live in essentially any hillbilly town you see on tv.

Everyone has a yard full of cars, can half assed weld, and confusingly stares at any vehicle under 2 years old.
